// CSE 20311
// Lab Report for Lab 6
// By: Arda Kurama

User Perspective:

  This program is a C rendition of the cellular automata "Conway's Game of Life."
  It has two primary modes, manual and automatic. If no file is entered with the
  executable, a user is greeted with a home screen that allows for all of the
  options in the assignment sheet to be played manually. In manual mode, 
  the user can read the rules and the commands list, enter and remove cells 
  on their own, run a manually entered shape generation-by-generation, run 
  the game automatically forever, and quit the game. In batch mode, the user can
  enter a file with a list of commands and automate the entire process. In random
  mode, half of the pixels on the screen are randomly chosen to be 'alive' or
  'dead,' and the animation for that given screen is play automatically. If a
  user does enter a file in with the executable, the program enters automatic
  mode, and enters all of the commands from that file onto the board and runs the
  game, similar to the manual batch mode.

Programmer Perspective:

  This program is split into 3 files with 10 functions and main, with argc and
  argv[] inputs from the command line to run the game. Each function has a specific
  task, and the majority of the functionality is organized in main, where main will
  call the correct functions to complete any task chosen by the user, through a tree of 
  if-statements, while loops, and a switch statement.

Evaluation:

  Began by making the interactive mode, expanded to allow for full functionality
  through my menu screen. Organized all of the code into seperate functions and 
  files, removed all repetative code, and then added file reading and command line
  arguments. Planned higher level code in main first, and then created solid
  functions to complete repetative low level tasks. Compiled often and solved
  syntax and logic errors as I went. After program ran with no errors, I manually
  checked each option and verified that display and errors outputted at the right
  time. Scenes inspired by wikipedia article for Conway's Game of Life, and example
  still lifes, oscillators, and spaceships shown. Scene 5 shows a glider gun, but the
  default board size is too small for it to work forever. At SZ = 40 it outputs two
  gliders before exploding and oscillating, but at SZ = 42 it would output infinite
  gliders, which I find very interesting.
