// CSE 20311
// Lab Report for Lab 4
// By: Arda Kurama

User Perspective:

	This program displays and runs various calculations on ND Football statistics between
	1900 - 2023. It asks the user what they would like to do, and gives the user 8 options:
		(1) Display the record for a given year
		(2) Display years with at least 'n' wins
		(3) Display years with at least 'n' losses
		(4) Display whether there were more wins or losses for a given year
		(5) Display years with more wins than losses
		(6) Display years with more losses than wins
		(7) Display years with the same number of wins and losses
		(8) Exit
	After entering your choice, the program has various other prompts for more information,
	based on the choice chosen. For (1), you must enter a specific year. For (2) and (3), you 
	must enter a number n. For (4), you must enter a specific year. Various statistics and years 
	are then correctly labeled and outputted. The program continues to display and prompt 
	for calculations until an (8) is entered for the initial choice. If you enter a value outside
	of (1) - (8), the program displays an error and lets you reinput your choice. If you enter a
	year outside of 1900 - 2023, the program also displays an error and lets you reinput your
	desired year.

Programmer Perspective:

	This program uses eleven functions along with main to run the program. It is mainly driven
	through a while loop in main that calls various functions until an (8) is entered for
	choice. The program first calls display(), decides whether the choice was inside the range
	of (1) - (8), then calls various functions inside a switch function depending on the choice
	inputted. The function yearToArr() translates inputted years to their correct array positions.
	functions formatting(int, int) and printYears(int, int) help print lists of years depending
	on the inputted choice. The function record() determines and outputs the number of wins
	and losses in a given year. The function nWins() outputs the years with at least n wins. The
	function nLosses() ouptuts the years with n losses. The function winOrLoss() determines whether
	there were more wins or losses in a given year. moreWins() outputs the years with more wins
	than losses, moreLosses() outputs the years with more losses than wins, and tie() outputs
	the years with the same number of wins and losses.

Evaluation:

	Created program in parts, recompiling and resolving syntax errors as I went. Organized code
	through functions, which made coding higher level much easier without getting bogged down
	by lower level code. After code ran with no syntax errors, evaluated for logic errors by
	manually checking each operation. Specifically checked for all edge cases, and manually 
	verified that the display and errors were outputted at the right time under the right 
	conditions. There are no cases under the given instructions where the program produces 
	incorrect results.
